Quiz reflection:

1-7: correct

8 (1) When does the executable code call the destructor for an object?

The executable code, calls the destructor for an object when the 
executable code goes outside of class scope during execution or 
if the program has finished its execution.

1) What is a safe empty state? Could you define another state as the safe empty state? 

Safe empty state is a definition of class members to 0 for numeric 
variables and to empty line for chars. Safe empty state is necessary 
to avoid situation, when program calls variables, which do not 
point anywhere. Avoiding of using empty state can become a cause of errors. 
We can define another empty state if we need it. It can be used for portion 
declaration of some variables to 0. However, we can reuse an empty state, 
which has already been implemented by calling that state.

2) Describe how you have minimized code duplication. 

Code duplication minimizing can be achieved by, reusing functions, which 
have already been implemented. It means that one function can contain 
another function implementation inside. As a result, the code becomes more readable.

3) Explain why the canTravelWith(...) member function can access the private data of the object referenced in its parameter. 

Member function canTravelWith(...) receives an address of an object. 
Since canTravelWith(...) function receives an address of the object, 
this function can access any variable inside of the received object, 
including private data, because privacy applied at the class level.
However, if this function is not a member, we would not have an access 
its private members. Also, we would not have an access, if we would not
pass parameters. Another possible way to have access to private members
is to make a function a friend.

4) What statement do you need to add to ensure that the strncpy(...) function executes correctly? 

To ensure that the strncpy(...) executes correctly I should use #include <cstring>

5) Explain what you have learned in this workshop. 

During this workshop I have learned how to set an empty state in a default 
constructor as well as how to do a data initialization in constructor during creation of object.
